adding k8s-cli alpha docs (#11028)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/operations/uninstall.mdx

# Uninstall Consul

> You can uninstall Consul using Helm commands or the Consul K8s CLI.

Reviewer: This looks like this is the old uninstall steps for Helm, could you copy and paste from latest? It still shows deleting `kubectl delete secret consul-controller-webhook-cert` as a step which is no longer needed.

Author: Yeah, I'm having some git trouble, trying to get things into the correct state

Author: Oh, I thought you were referring to some content regressions (I had some conflicts earlier), but you literally meant that this content needs to be updated. Where do I get this information? I looked at the Kubernetes docs and this appears to still be the correct usage: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#delete

Reviewer: Yes we should use `helm uninstall` instead of `helm delete`. 

I was saying that https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/operations/uninstall should have the latest correct uninstall process that I merged yesterday, but yea I meant the content had old content from a previous version of the uninstall guide. We also merge 3 and 4 into one bullet as well since they are part of the same step.

   consul-mesh-gateway-acl-token       Opaque                                1      41m
   ```

1. Ensure that the secrets you're about to delete are all created by Consul and not
   created by another user with the word `consul`.

   ```shell-session
   $ kubectl get secret | grep consul | grep Opaque | awk '{print $1}' | xargs kubectl delete secret
   secret "consul-acl-replication-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-bootstrap-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-client-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-connect-inject-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-controller-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-federation" deleted
   secret "consul-mesh-gateway-acl-token" deleted
   secret "consul-gossip-encryption-key" deleted
   ```

1. If installing with `tls.enabled` then, run the following commands to delete the `ServiceAccount` left behind:

   ```shell-session
   $ kubectl get serviceaccount consul-tls-init
   NAME              SECRETS   AGE
   consul-tls-init   1         47m
   ```

   ```shell-session
   $ kubectl delete serviceaccount consul-tls-init
   serviceaccount "consul-tls-init" deleted
   ```

## Consul K8s CLI

> Issue the `consul-k8s uninstall` command to remove Consul from Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue the `consul-k8s uninstall` command to remove Consul on Kubernetes. You can specify the installation name, namespace, and data retention behavior using the applicable options. By default, the uninstallation preserves the secrets and PVCs that are provisioned by Consul on Kubernetes. 
```

```shell-session
$ consul-k8s uninstall <OPTIONS>
```

> You can specify the installation name, namespace, and data retention behavior using the applicable options.

Reviewer: You could move this above to make it more readable. 
```suggestion
```
